docs: Init release notes for 1.21 (#1498)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/1.21.0.md

> ## Fixed bugs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fixed Bugs
```

> - Fixed a bug where EnvoyFilter `proxy-protocol` applied by the Istio module on AWS clusters with ELB load balancers would be detected as a user resource and put IstioCR in a Warning state. See [#1491](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/issues/1491).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We've fixed a bug where the `proxy-protocol` EnvoyFilter applied by the Istio module on AWS clusters with ELB load balancers was incorrectly detected as a user resource. This resulted in the Istio custom resource being set to the `Warning` state. See [#1491](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/issues/1491).
```
